Minor sync release updates (#880)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/examples.md

</details>

### Custom archive creation for release syncing

> If you need to generate local archive(s) during release syncing, you can utilise e.g. `pre-sync` action
> to place the commands necessary for the creation. You also have to include the archive(s) in the list of files to

Reviewer: Not sure but something like the following is more clear to me.

```suggestion
If you need to generate local archive(s) during release syncing, you can customize e.g. the `pre-sync` action
with the commands necessary for the creation. You also have to include the archive(s) in the list of files to
```

be moved to the dist-git repo so that it is then handled by Packit from there.

<details>

>   <summary>Creating archive using tito and syncing it to dist-git repo</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>Creating an archive using tito and syncing it to dist-git repo</summary>
```

```yaml
actions:
  pre-sync:
    - tito build -o . --tgz

files_to_sync:
  - src:
    - "<my-package>-*.tar.gz"
    dest: .
```

</details>

### Custom changelog generation
<details>

>   <summary>Using changelog entry from a file</summary>

Reviewer: Just because the title below has this structure and I think it is good.

```suggestion
  <summary>Using a file as a changelog entry</summary>
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with Maja, but I would suggest this:
```suggestion
  <summary>Using file content as a changelog entry</summary>
```

Author: thanks for the suggestions!
